d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.exe.config
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.exe
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csproj.App.config
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.exe
d:\yangkailin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
